Updated contributing guidelines and add code of conduct (#2)
iterorganization/imas-data-dictionary: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing guidelines

We welcome any kind of contribution to the IMAS Data Dictionary, 
from a simple comment or a question, to a request for a change in 

> the schemas, or even a full fledged pull request on the code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the schemas, or even a fully fledged pull request on the code. 
```

working-with-forks/syncing-a-fork);
5. when your development is ready, create a pull request (find instructions 
[here](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/
proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/
creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork)).

## You want to propose some change to the schemas 
1. use the [discussion search](https://github.com/iterorganization/
imas-data-dictionary/discussions/categories/proposed-changes) 
and the [issue search](https://github.com/iterorganization/
imas-data-dictionary/issues) to check if someone already proposed 
a similar idea/change;
2. if not, create a **new discussion thread**, describing your idea 
as well as the context in which the new feature will be used; 
3. once the proposed change has sufficiently matured and is selected 
for implementation, a corresponding issue will be created; 
4. the change will be implemented via a fork-based workflow (see step 4
and 5 from the previous section).

While we will try to answer questions quickly and to address issues in a timely 
manner, it can may sometimes take longer than expected. A friendly ping in the 

> discussion or the issue thread can help draw attention if you find that it was 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discussion or the issue thread can help draw attention to it if you find that it is 
```
